or not
and I jump more than you
my love
what a great leap where is puja and
you went up supporting
good
how
all right
no no
but he walked australia but how are we going
achieve it
but there has to be another way
what a great insect it is that is poisonous
and I feel so lonely I wish I had a
son with whom to share all my
legs
Well, it would be better for me to take this woman
oh and soft sheep wool before that
rain
I brave the answer to my prayers or
Have I gone crazy with that?
it shows my beloved little one outside
they are poisonous
I have a son
the field is not a place for baby friend
australia is very dangerous but you
I will teach to be a handsome man
you're hungry in my puppy it's time
of going cold tastes delicious with worms
do not be so annoying son was his
name depresses a chest
A) Yes
plus
sometimes this eucalyptus tree son is
poisonous so better stay away from him
I bet you will not touch it again
new unless you want more worms
Clear
and this is where the property ends
someday all this will be yours
never touch the electrified fence
espinoza
it is harmless
now called love I did not tell you not
does nothing
yes
here the biggest crocodiles live and
now let's hunt one
said your first morelos crocodile
make sure you do not put anything in your ships
hey no matter how you learn children
a kung fu star like me
can travel like that wow how big is
australia as we will find s'agaró
Bush
good morning friends I want my son
learn to be a man so you do not
interfere
remember this is real and australian
without a doubt it is the happiest moment of my
lifetime
well done son give a hug to your
mother
I come dad
good job you have talent
from little
company
give me back to me
very well
I have you careless my friend I will never go back
to lose sight of you let's go home said
and
with which this is the second will come back more
great of the fascinating world
but not
I know what they are going to say there is a saw
the boy package of kung fu in air
ambient
i